- I want to become better at time management.
- Enhance technical skills - Better communication skills - Get used to working remote Improve data analytics , time management and efficient networking skills i would hope to attain some technological skills as well as research experience and professional networking.
I hope to gain experience am that could be used in the future and be able to learn more about technology and to hope to know if I have a future in a job that involves certain technology.
Confidence, experience and new skills.
I hope to get real world work experience.
Three outcomes I hope to gain by the end of my internship is better communication/social skills, time management, and work ethics.
My outcomes by the end of this internship hopefully would be to gain experience in the tech world, demonstrate my process through work and analyze solutions for any work.
know about tech field, gain experience of team work, will be more professional I hope to better my time management skills, gain more knowledge about certain online programs, and meet people that I can network with for jobs in the future.
I hope to gain experience that could better my future.
Experiences in the market, Improve my skills and Learn more new skills professionalism, teamwork, networking I hope to attain experience, to have learned something new, and some side cash.
The first outcome I hope to attain by the end of the internship is to learn new skills.
Time Management, Productivity, Communication skill.
Have better people skills.
Improve communication skills.
Gain experience in the internship have it help me in my future career.
Learn what it is like.
To learn to work with peers, communicate with other and learn a new skill.
The three outcomes I hope to attain are to get experience in website design, improve my public speaking skills, and work on leadership skills.
Work experience, improved skills, and to expand my thinking 1. better social skills/communication 2. develop new skills during the experience 3. be more confident when I'm speaking I hope that I will be more comfortable with public speaking, help improve my organizational skills, as well as my leadership skills.
Make more friends, learn more helpful things and learn more English Working skills Communication skill And organization skills Three outcomes I hope to attain by the end of the internship are as follows; 1.)
Gaining experience in a more formalistic work enviornment.
An idea how a marketing job would be like.
Learn, grow and enjoy Experience, knowledge and opportunity for any future career.
Being prepared for my future job.
At the end of my internship I hope to obtain new skills, experiences, and something extra to put down on my college application 1) More work experience and to look better for colleges and resumes 2) New skills and knowledge for certain careers 3) Build my confidence and make a company be more admired to hire me as a job candidate because of my prior work experience I hope to learn new skills and strengthen the skills I already have.
I also hope to attain necessary experience for me to get a job in the future and for me to be successful in college.
Data analysis skills, marketing skills, communication skills I hope to attain the ability to work within a group of people, improving my presentation skills, and expanding my network of connections.
Gaining work experience 3.
I hope to gain new skills that will help me after graduation.
I hope to strengthen my knowledge for this field of job, increase my communication skills and project management skills.
One outcome that I hope to attain by the end of this internship would be to gain some insight on the job/process of being an entrepreneur.
Lastly, one thing that I hope to attain by the end of my internship would be the knowledge on how to use Trello and Slack for future projects.
experience -earn a lot of money -gain experience -make new friends with fellow coworkers money experience and maybe friends I hope to have successfully worked on a project with other collaborators, learned how to use a new website, and learned at least a bit of a new coding language 1) computer skills 2) group work More experience, a larger network, return offer - digital marketing - digital analytics - online workplace experience Learning from others Learning what this program had to offer And knowing all the benefits of this program Project management, coding skills, time efficiency Gaining skills I can use towards future careers, seeing if digital marketing is a career I am interested in, and gaining work experience.
Technical skills, Communication skills, and digital literacy skills.
- Better teamwork skills in an online environment - Better time management skills - A great network of skilled people 1.
Find new interests I didn't have before Learn new technical skills, gain hands-on work experience, network I hope to learn more from this internship, get new connections, have a new perspective on technology To learn the skills of a professional tech incubator Experience, Connections, Motivation To become tech savvy To understand how programming works To have a better understanding of how common things interlock with technology.
Learn new coding applications, make new friends/connections, challenge myself.
Learn how to code 2.
Better communication, learning how to animate, and learning how to complete different projects at the same time I hope to learn new languages of computer science, make new connections with fellow interns and learn new critical thinking skills I can use in the future.
-To have better communication skills -Gain more leadership experience -Learn how to code or website development Practice my Problem Solving Skills Practice my skills in cooperating with teams Improve my working ability in engineering and computer Experience, Connections, Work Ethic I hope to gain work experience through this and build on my resume, decide whether something like this internship is something that I would want to continue to explore as a career path, and to develop skills and experience acquired to use in situations in the future should it be called, such as in a class or future jobs.
- I want to gain the experience of what it likes to work in such internship.
Learn new technical skills 2.
Confidence, New set of skills, and working with a new group I hope to become a better designer, improve my time management skills, and learn how to engage in a leadership role.
to work more effectively in an online basis, refine my art and tech based skills, and valuable work experience Enhance my coding skills, learn some new soft skills and make new connections Gain experience, have more projects on my resume, be more proficient on my skills - improve my design skills - get more projects on my portfolio - network Learn new things in tech Gain experience working in such an environment Meet new people More practical experience with java, c++, javascript python or SQL, network with more people, and be better prepared overall for tech related jobs.
- Have a better sense of time management and balance.
Time management, Responsibility, and build on working with others A better understanding of what technology can do.
more experience, better communication skills, better socializing skills Make some money, get experience, make some friends Better coding,journalism, and communicating skills.
One outcome that I hope to attain by the end of this internship is to gain valuable experience working with companies and overall the tech industry.
Work experience 2.
Money skills experience social -Communication skills - Problem solving my development on my work habit towards the tasks i have to do develop proper communication against everyone in this internship gain work experience The three outcomes I hope to attain by the end of my internship is to end with a successful progress from this job, think about some improvements I can make when doing this internship, and note about how this internship benefitted me into being capable with work that I need to manage on my own time.