I want to gain practical knowledge and experience working in a professional environment.
I would like to gain working experience.
I want to learn skills that will help me in my future career.
Develop technical skills: programming languages and data analytics I want to apply my academic skills in real work setting I hope to achieve the necessary skills and experience that I can use in the future.
I want to achieve new skills, experience, and new connections.
I want to gain experience and use this opportunity to learn new things as well as network with people while gaining insights.
From this internship Opportunity I want to achieve as much information and skills which I can apply to others jobs in the future and learn how to use this skills for good.
I would like to get more skills and learn about the real world experiences I want to make new connections with people and earn 1,200 dollars towards my work I want to learn how to use my skills in a professional setting.
I want to gain the experience of an actual job.
I want to have experience.
I want to achieve knowledge and gain experience about my professional field I intend to achieve a strengthened work ethic as well as prepare myself for future job experiences.
I want to gain experience and be able to help my family.
I want to gain more experience and learn about professional environment.
I would like to learn new things and earn money.
From this internship opportunity, I would like to learn new skills.
What I want to achieve from this internship opportunity are the skills required for professionalism and social communication.
I would like to gain more experience in trying to find what I like and what I see myself doing as my future career.
What I really want to achieve from this internship is the ability to learn new things and improve many skills that will be used in this internship, such as communication skills, time management, teamwork, leadership, problems solving and creativity.
I want to achieve work experience I want to improve on my existing skills as well as build up new skills.
New skills and experience Experience to help me in my career.
I want to gain experience in the world of work.
I want to be exposed to what working as an engineer is like and develop skills for the future From this internship opportunity I want to achieve experience for my future careers and colleges.
I want to learn new skills and learn about different projects that clients may present.
I would like to learn as much as possible.
Experience in the field of business Hands-on experience, learn technical skills, teamwork experience From this internship opportunity, I want to achieve gaining knowledge about project management, digital marketing skills, and various other digital skills that will provide me with the opportunity to gain real-world experience.
I would like to achieve having knowledge of digital marketing.
I want to achieve work experience from this internship opportunity.
I want to learn new things and connect with people.
From this internship opportunity, I wish to achieve skills within market researching and competition.
Overall, I would like to achieve more experience in digital marketing and creating flyers.
I want to gain more job experiences and learn more workplace skills.
I would like to learn as much as I possibly can.
experience internship/work experience i want to get experience from this I would like to learn new skills and hopefully come out with a better understanding of code and its effects.
I hope to achieve more skills.
I want to gain more experience in tech.
I would like to achieve experience in digital marketing.
Experience working in a tech field I want to gain experience working, as well as see if digital marketing may be a career I am interested in.
To learn the skills of a professional tech incubator Gain experience and be able to work with my peers to complete tasks/projects.
I would like to learn more skills and techniques to develop myself.
I want to achieve money and experience from this internship opportunity.
I want to be able to learn new skills that I will continue to use and be able to create a meaningful project through my time in this internship.
To learn new skills and to acquire new unique experiences To better prepare myself in future work and practice my skills in engineering.
From this internship, I wish to develop skills needed in a workplace such as communication, creativity, and critical thinking skills More computer skills :).
To learn more things I would like to gain some technical skills through the projects, I will be taking part in.
From this internship opportunity, I want to gain valuable experience to start off my career path.
Be able to stretch out my abilities in the use of creative suite and maybe take a crack at that chatbot project I want to have a head start in my career by doing tech related works and projects gain experience I'm interested in UX/UI so I want to get more experience working on design related projects I want to gain experience and work with new people.
I want to gain more experience in this internship as well as expand them To make some money and get experience I would like to achive better career skills like coding, writing and journalism skills I want to improve communication skills and also learn new things and get a new experiences working with many different things.
I want to achieve knowledge from this internship.
I want to improve my working skills and have confidence understanding what I am doing Work experience i want to achieve like skills Skills that can be used in the work force i want to learn about this experience throughout this internship and meet new people I hope to achieve a new skill from doing this internship and learn about the work that I can think about towards the career path I'm making.
I want to build more skills and be able to create a good quality projects I want to achieve my organizational skills I want to obtain real work experience From this internship I’m looking to build on my networking skills, my ability to be able to work in a team if possible and just gain as much knowledge in the field as I can over the next few months.