Time management, communication, marketing I have developed my research skills and my website building skills.
Designing, Marketing & Coding the skills to develop a website, and use Canva to create a logo, video and post.
Team work, taking initiative, working under pressure, researching, digital marketing in terms of creating content with canva, video editing, and web designing.
Writing and research Graphic Design, Social Media Content, Marketing, Building Websites, Researching, Creative Thinking, Communication, Teamwork, and Time Management Some key skills that I have developed from this internship would be my adaptability, better time management, and perseverance.
But this internship taught me to keep trying to complete whatever it is that needs to get done.
In addition, with work from my own learning project and client project, I had to learn how to juggle both while still completing each tasks to the best of my ability.
So some key skills that I have developed from this internship would be my adaptability, better time management, and perseverance.
Making websites, research I think I have developed time management, communication, and teamwork skills throughout this internship.
As it was a virtual internship, it was important for me to avoid procrastinating on projects and assignments and to also get things done on time.
Some key skills I think I developed are working on a schedule and formal communication skills.
Working as a team, competitor analysis, excel skills Time management and motivation management coding How to manage and design my own website, communicate with peers in the graphic design world, allow my creative side to shine, and learn new tools/techniques when creating virtual projects.
In addition, I have better time management and communication skills.
I developed skills relating to python and with just overall communication skills and teamwork.
I have learned how to program specifically in html, css and javascript, how to create a website, how to create an app, how to work with others in a work based environment and much more.
For instance, during client work and research projects, I developed project management skills and data analysis skills.
I learned more about editing and also about social media marketing, especially through my client project.
Since I've been making a lot of social media posts for my client project, I was able to better organize my work and find the most effective way to relay my completed work to the client.
Created content for social media.
Worked closely with my project manager to successfully complete all of the assigned projects.
I developed better communication skills because a lot of the projects I worked on were accompanied by my other peers.