Yes, I believe that I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience.
I do believe I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience.
I do believe I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience.
I do believe I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience.
I believe that I am sufficiently prepared for this internship.
Yes Yes, I believe I am prepared for my internship experience because I am here to learn and expand my skills.
I do feel like I am kind of prepared for this internship experience because I feel like it will give me the a good opportunity to build good work skills Yes and no I’m just worried about my schedule because i have activities outside of school i really dont know but im prepared for it and to learn Yes because I have learnt about the virtual workforce in my pass experience Yes i am prepared so far with the instructions given to me as of right now I do believe that I'm sufficiently prepared for my internship experience because I've done different internships in the past, and I've managed to understand each role and how it helps me develop experience towards making it to college.
I believe I am prepared for my internship because I have previous internship experience and the professional skills for it Being my first internship i don’t believe im fully prepared Yes, because I have taken many economics classes and I am ready to apply what I have learned.
I do think I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience.
Yes, because I have done different internships I believe I am sufficiently prepared because I’m willing to put in hard work to complete task on time and succeed I believe I have sufficiently prepared for my internship experience.
Yes I am prepared.
I do believe that I am sufficiently prepared for this internship experience because of my time management skills.
yes I am because I attended this type of internship before and I have the experience of this Yes I believe I am prepared for this internship experience since I have the time for it and I am eager to learn and put in the skills I have into practice.
Yes, because I believe internship will be a good experience for me.
I believe I am sufficiently prepared for the internship experience because I have had internship experience in the past with PENCIL.
Yes i believe i am prepared because i have some coding experience I think I am prepared since I'm a senior and I should have sufficient tech knowledge for the role that I'm working on Yes, I believe I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience because I have a fair amount of experience designing and developing websites, creating social media content etc.
Yes I believe so!
Yes I am prepared because I have everything required and I am ready to work I believe I am prepared for my internship.
Yes, I believe that I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience since I am good at time management and am a hard worker.
I believe that I am decently prepared for my internship experience.
I believe I am prepared for this internship experience Yes i am because i have experince nd have done a internship before Yes i do believe that i have what it takes take on this internship and complete all 60 hours.
I learn new skills quickly and I bring experience from my previous internship Yes, I believe that my previous internships have prepared me well to utilize what I have learned and gained into my new internship experience.
I have certain skills and eager to learn other skills to be better prepared I believe I am sufficiently prepared for my internship because I am well fit for the internship and I have the work skills.
Yes I do believe that I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience because I am confident in my current skills and believe that I can use these skills in order to obtain new skills.
I believe my past experiences prepared me for the internship I believe that I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience because I have done a remote internship before and learned how to for efficiently work at home and communicate remotely.
I do believe that I am sufficiently prepared because I believe that the skills I attained from my previous work experience and internship will help me moving forward.
I believe I'm sufficiently prepared for your internship experience because I ready to work and have a free schedule.
Yes, because I believe that this internship will help to advance and be better and I'm willing to be determined Kinda because this is new to me I feel like I am somewhat prepared because I have gained valuable experience in my past internships Yes, over the past two years at Queens College the economic and business classes I’ve taken have led me to be prepared for this internship opportunity.
I believe I am sufficiently prepared for the internship experience because I was hoping to get the opportunity and was prepared if I got it.
I do believe I am prepared I believe I am decently prepared.
I am prepared.
Yeas I do feel sufficiently prepared, I’m a hard worker who likes to keep his body and mind moving Yes i do believe i am sufficiently prepared for this internship experience because i am a hard worker and will get things done.
I don't think I am fully prepared for my internship experience.
yes.
Yes.
yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes I do.
I believe I am prepared to learn new things.
I believe that I am somewhat prepared for my internship experience since I'm comfortable in coding with Java.
I believe that I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience because I already thought of what I will be doing when I first apply for a summer job.
But I feel prepared to learn and from an internship experience like this one, I hope to learn as much as I can at TIQC.
I believe I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience because I work well with others and am able to take instruction when given.
I believe I'm sufficiently prepared for this internship with my 3+ years of engineering classes and some confidence attempting something new I believe I am sufficiently prepared for my internship experience because I am a part of the Environmental Engineering and Technology program at Bayside High School.
Yes because I have taken part in the internship experience I do believe I'm sufficiently prepared for this internship because I love learning new things that can potentially put me on the right path, and I like to see my personal growth with different kinds of skill-building activities.
Yes I feel so because I take on challenges Yes I believe I am prepared because I learnt skills over the years that can be useful.
I do believe I'm sufficiently Prepared because I did a lot of self-learning and now I'm ready to apply what I've learned.
I think I am sufficiently prepared for the internship experience because I have done previous internships through high school and college.
While I believe I have a decent academic accomplishment, I also lack work experience, so I believe I am moderately prepared for this internship experience.