to work more effectively in an online basis, refine my art and tech based skills, and valuable work experience Enhance my coding skills, learn some new soft skills and make new connections Gain experience, have more projects on my resume, be more proficient on my skills - improve my design skills - get more projects on my portfolio - network Learn new things in tech Gain experience working in such an environment Meet new people More practical experience with java, c++, javascript python or SQL, network with more people, and be better prepared overall for tech related jobs.
-To have better communication skills -Gain more leadership experience -Learn how to code or website development Practice my Problem Solving Skills Practice my skills in cooperating with teams Improve my working ability in engineering and computer Experience, Connections, Work Ethic I hope to gain work experience through this and build on my resume, decide whether something like this internship is something that I would want to continue to explore as a career path, and to develop skills and experience acquired to use in situations in the future should it be called, such as in a class or future jobs.
Find new interests I didn't have before Learn new technical skills, gain hands-on work experience, network I hope to learn more from this internship, get new connections, have a new perspective on technology To learn the skills of a professional tech incubator Experience, Connections, Motivation To become tech savvy To understand how programming works To have a better understanding of how common things interlock with technology.
At the end of my internship I hope to obtain new skills, experiences, and something extra to put down on my college application 1) More work experience and to look better for colleges and resumes 2) New skills and knowledge for certain careers 3) Build my confidence and make a company be more admired to hire me as a job candidate because of my prior work experience I hope to learn new skills and strengthen the skills I already have.
know about tech field, gain experience of team work, will be more professional I hope to better my time management skills, gain more knowledge about certain online programs, and meet people that I can network with for jobs in the future.
- Enhance technical skills - Better communication skills - Get used to working remote Improve data analytics , time management and efficient networking skills i would hope to attain some technological skills as well as research experience and professional networking.
experience -earn a lot of money -gain experience -make new friends with fellow coworkers money experience and maybe friends I hope to have successfully worked on a project with other collaborators, learned how to use a new website, and learned at least a bit of a new coding language 1) computer skills 2) group work More experience, a larger network, return offer - digital marketing - digital analytics - online workplace experience Learning from others Learning what this program had to offer And knowing all the benefits of this program Project management, coding skills, time efficiency Gaining skills I can use towards future careers, seeing if digital marketing is a career I am interested in, and gaining work experience.
The first outcome I hope to attain by the end of the internship is to learn new skills.
Data analysis skills, marketing skills, communication skills I hope to attain the ability to work within a group of people, improving my presentation skills, and expanding my network of connections.
Money skills experience social -Communication skills - Problem solving my development on my work habit towards the tasks i have to do develop proper communication against everyone in this internship gain work experience The three outcomes I hope to attain by the end of my internship is to end with a successful progress from this job, think about some improvements I can make when doing this internship, and note about how this internship benefitted me into being capable with work that I need to manage on my own time.
Better communication, learning how to animate, and learning how to complete different projects at the same time I hope to learn new languages of computer science, make new connections with fellow interns and learn new critical thinking skills I can use in the future.
Confidence, New set of skills, and working with a new group I hope to become a better designer, improve my time management skills, and learn how to engage in a leadership role.
Exposure to new things like website development A better view in the economics department and it’s functions Work Experience Working with others Experience, Connections, Overall Knowledge I hope to learn technical skills related to programming languages and design concepts.
To understand how to network and build work relationships, to be able to create project based work to submit and to lastly learn the rules and standards of the workplace 1) I hope to gain connections with alums and members of this program since I may want to apply to this program when I go to Queens College 2) I hope to gain more experience 3) I hope to gain more knowledge and discover new things - Networking skills - Entrepreneurship - Knowledge I hope to become a better writer, confident in sharing out information and explaining thing with details 1.
Being able to use different and new platforms, ability to create organized plans and projects, organized and creative New friends Organization skills Learning new things I hope to attain more work experience, further develop data analysts skills and proficiency in quantitative data I hope to be able to lead a team in any type of capacity, I also hope over the next few months I can grow my communication skills and I also want this internship to lead me into my next job or opportunity.
Confidence, experience and new skills.
Make more friends, learn more helpful things and learn more English Working skills Communication skill And organization skills Three outcomes I hope to attain by the end of the internship are as follows; 1.)
1 I am interested in how this internship can help me grow personally and professionally 2 I am excited to work with others and to have the chance to see some glimpses into my future career path 3 I value continuous learning and want to grow as a prolific business leader Get work experience in this field and learn as much as I can Confidence, Learn new software, gain new skills 1.
- fine tune my marketing and web development skills - make connections with other interns and mentors - have a portfolio of the projects and achievements of time here Networking opportunities, become stronger in data work, take more initiative 1. to learn new skills 2. to network 3. to help clients reach their needs I hope to improve my teamwork skills, possibly develop coding skills, and create valuable relationships with my mentors/other interns.
more experience, better communication skills, better socializing skills Make some money, get experience, make some friends Better coding,journalism, and communicating skills.
The three outcomes I hope to attain are to get experience in website design, improve my public speaking skills, and work on leadership skills.
Know about tech, time management The three outcomes I hope to achieve by the end of the internship are the ability to learn new things and apply them in the real world, the improvement of my communication skills, and the ability to make friends.
I’m not sure - improved communication/leadership skills + ability to collaborate with a team - learn new skills (how to design a flyer, game, make a video, etc) - learn how to complete a project in a given time frame and make it your best work Money, Experience, Growth Feel more fulfilled- learning & retained new knowledge Get connected- Get to know more people formally and share ideas Simply to accomplish this internship An outcome I hope to attain would be being an effective leader.
Learn new technical skills 2.
Three outcomes I hope to gain by the end of my internship is better communication/social skills, time management, and work ethics.
Experiences in the market, Improve my skills and Learn more new skills professionalism, teamwork, networking I hope to attain experience, to have learned something new, and some side cash.
Work experience, improved skills, and to expand my thinking 1. better social skills/communication 2. develop new skills during the experience 3. be more confident when I'm speaking I hope that I will be more comfortable with public speaking, help improve my organizational skills, as well as my leadership skills.
1)I hope I gain new techniques with this software We are using 2)I would like to meet new people and make more connection for the near future 3)I would like to further my experience with analytics More skills, maybe a friend, and networking opportunities.
Have more career skills Find out new things I am passionate about perhaps Make professional connections Three outcomes I hope to obtain by the end of my internship is become more skilled with computers, gaining important experience for my future work, and being able to be more confident when applying for future jobs.
better skills Experience social outcomes Learning new things, using new websites online and being creative.
To learn to work with peers, communicate with other and learn a new skill.
Leadership, teamwork, digital upscaling learn new technical skills, make new connections, Sharpen my current skills Building a strong resume, exploring different career paths, and building professional connections I hope to attain a whole internship experience that is relevant to my college major, even more confidence that I will be successful in my college major, and improvements in the hard and soft skills.
I hope to strengthen my knowledge for this field of job, increase my communication skills and project management skills.
I hope to gain experience that could better my future.
Have better people skills.
Gain experience in the internship have it help me in my future career.
I hope to gain new skills that will help me after graduation.
One outcome that I hope to attain by the end of this internship is to gain valuable experience working with companies and overall the tech industry.
- Better teamwork skills in an online environment - Better time management skills - A great network of skilled people 1.
Obtain new knowledge/learn new skillsets, Improve my communication skills, and get a better understanding of what to be expected of me in the future.
Work experience 2.
By the end of this internship, I hope to learn different skills in data analytics and digital marketing, connect with fellow interns and incorporate the knowledge from this internship into other projects with another business/organization.
- I want to gain the experience of what it likes to work in such internship.
Technical skills, Communication skills, and digital literacy skills.
Improve communication skills.
I also hope to attain skills in digital marketing and also see ways in which this experience can help me grow personally for my future career.
I hope to gain experience am that could be used in the future and be able to learn more about technology and to hope to know if I have a future in a job that involves certain technology.
I hope to get real world work experience.
Knowledgeable information that I can sustain, learn better project management & learn better problem solving skills.
- I want to become better at time management.