I want to improve my working skills and have confidence understanding what I am doing Work experience i want to achieve like skills Skills that can be used in the work force i want to learn about this experience throughout this internship and meet new people I hope to achieve a new skill from doing this internship and learn about the work that I can think about towards the career path I'm making.
I want to gain more experience in this internship as well as expand them To make some money and get experience I would like to achive better career skills like coding, writing and journalism skills I want to improve communication skills and also learn new things and get a new experiences working with many different things.
From this internship opportunity, I would like to learn new skills.
I want to achieve work experience from this internship opportunity.
Experience in the field of business Hands-on experience, learn technical skills, teamwork experience From this internship opportunity, I want to achieve gaining knowledge about project management, digital marketing skills, and various other digital skills that will provide me with the opportunity to gain real-world experience.
I want to achieve work experience I want to improve on my existing skills as well as build up new skills.
I want to have experience.
I would like to get more skills and learn about the real world experiences I want to make new connections with people and earn 1,200 dollars towards my work I want to learn how to use my skills in a professional setting.
New skills and experience Experience to help me in my career.
I want to build more skills and be able to create a good quality projects I want to achieve my organizational skills I want to obtain real work experience From this internship I’m looking to build on my networking skills, my ability to be able to work in a team if possible and just gain as much knowledge in the field as I can over the next few months.
I want to achieve new skills, experience, and new connections.
I want to achieve money and experience from this internship opportunity.
I want to learn skills that will help me in my future career.
I would like to gain working experience.
I want to gain experience in the world of work.
I would like to achieve experience in digital marketing.
I want to gain more experience in tech.
experience internship/work experience i want to get experience from this I would like to learn new skills and hopefully come out with a better understanding of code and its effects.
I want to be exposed to what working as an engineer is like and develop skills for the future From this internship opportunity I want to achieve experience for my future careers and colleges.
I want to gain experience and use this opportunity to learn new things as well as network with people while gaining insights.
I want to gain more experience and learn about professional environment.
To gain new skill I can use in my life and in the future I want to have more professional workplace experience and this internship is a great opportunity for me to learn more about that and I will also be able to network with many professionals which is a great thing to achieve from this opportunity.
From this internship Opportunity I want to achieve as much information and skills which I can apply to others jobs in the future and learn how to use this skills for good.
I would like to grow with my skills and advance them in a real work setting I want to be able to effectively work with a team to submit projects and gain experience in design work.
I want to achieve knowledge from this internship.
Develop technical skills: programming languages and data analytics I want to apply my academic skills in real work setting I hope to achieve the necessary skills and experience that I can use in the future.
Be able to stretch out my abilities in the use of creative suite and maybe take a crack at that chatbot project I want to have a head start in my career by doing tech related works and projects gain experience I'm interested in UX/UI so I want to get more experience working on design related projects I want to gain experience and work with new people.
I wish to achieve more work experience Building my network I want to improve my skill on digital marketing and researching opportunities of business Be able to learn new skills and become more confident in what I am capable of.
Experience working in a tech field I want to gain experience working, as well as see if digital marketing may be a career I am interested in.
I want to achieve knowledge and gain experience about my professional field I intend to achieve a strengthened work ethic as well as prepare myself for future job experiences.
What I really want to achieve from this internship is the ability to learn new things and improve many skills that will be used in this internship, such as communication skills, time management, teamwork, leadership, problems solving and creativity.
I want to gain more job experiences and learn more workplace skills.
My expectations involve being able to learn how to identify business problems, how to choose strategies to address these issues, and how to plan and execute the tactics needed to achieve these goals I would like to learn more about social media and digital marketing and website design Try completing all my assignments and gain new skills As a computer Science student I want to gain some real life experiences that will help me in my future career.
From this internship opportunity, I want to gain valuable experience to start off my career path.
I also hope to gain real world experience from this internship.
I would like an opportunity to be in the field to learn work environment as well as cultivate my research skills.
I want to be able to learn new skills that I will continue to use and be able to create a meaningful project through my time in this internship.
I want to learn more data analytics, programming languages and meet new people Knowledge and Experience in the working industry Implement the theories I learned in class into real world applications and gain experience to take into the business sector I want to gain further insight into data analytics, digital marketing, and website development.
I would like to achieve having knowledge of digital marketing.
To learn more things I would like to gain some technical skills through the projects, I will be taking part in.
To learn the skills of a professional tech incubator Gain experience and be able to work with my peers to complete tasks/projects.
I want to have my first experience as an intern and I also would like to learn additional skills and education to prepare me for the real world.
Experience, meeting new people and class credit I want to achieve more skills.
I want to gain experience and be able to help my family.
Also, skills such as coding or even business skills like the various marketing strategies that I can experience can most definitely help me for my career.
I would like to learn new things and earn money.
I want to gain experience in the workplace along with gaining the opportunity to test my skills in tech.
I hope to achieve new skills which will help once I begin working.
I think the most important thing I would like to get out of this internship opportunity is the experience in the technical field, as I have long been interested in and want to work in this field.
I want to learn new things and connect with people.