Writing and research Graphic Design, Social Media Content, Marketing, Building Websites, Researching, Creative Thinking, Communication, Teamwork, and Time Management Some key skills that I have developed from this internship would be my adaptability, better time management, and perseverance.
Time management, communication, marketing I have developed my research skills and my website building skills.
Making websites, research I think I have developed time management, communication, and teamwork skills throughout this internship.
For instance, during client work and research projects, I developed project management skills and data analysis skills.
In addition, I have better time management and communication skills.
So some key skills that I have developed from this internship would be my adaptability, better time management, and perseverance.
Time management And Working independently I improved a lot on my designing skills over the course of this internship through the projects I was assigned for example creating social media packages, product advertisement posts etc.
I learned more about editing and also about social media marketing, especially through my client project.
Working as a team, competitor analysis, excel skills Time management and motivation management coding How to manage and design my own website, communicate with peers in the graphic design world, allow my creative side to shine, and learn new tools/techniques when creating virtual projects.
Some key skills I think I developed are working on a schedule and formal communication skills.
I developed better communication skills because a lot of the projects I worked on were accompanied by my other peers.
time management skills I learned how to do competitor analysis to help an owner create a new product.
Since I've been making a lot of social media posts for my client project, I was able to better organize my work and find the most effective way to relay my completed work to the client.
coding and communication How to build a WordPress site, how to create social media posts for a client I've learned to delegate times to complete tasks and I have recognized the importance in networking.
I developed skills relating to python and with just overall communication skills and teamwork.
I have learned how to program specifically in html, css and javascript, how to create a website, how to create an app, how to work with others in a work based environment and much more.
I have improved my communication skills (through weekly meetings and reflection videos), organizational abilities (because coding has taught me to organize and leave notes for myself), teamwork (working with my hackathon group), and ability to use client feedback to improve my work (the projects I did that required client approval, such as logo design).
Designing, Marketing & Coding the skills to develop a website, and use Canva to create a logo, video and post.
Java programming I have developed more ways to expand my graphic designing skills especially because I have made a lot of videos and posts throughout the different social media projects I participated in.
how to build websites Time management, Professional language I have learned communication with peers as well as working efficiently in a timely manner.